ORIGINAL PROMPPT WITH CHANGES IMPLEMENTED

In @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging there are a list of file which illustrate all
the different tasks a user who is modeling CCD imaging data of a strong lens can perform.

These files are speciifc to strong lenses with just one lens galaxy, thus they are not GROUP scale lenses.

In @autolens_workspace/scripts/group the first scripts describing group scale modeling are available.

I want to put particular emphasis on @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/lam.psy, as this has the
group model composition API all examples will use in the group package from here in, where the lenses are
formed via lists:

Can you first update @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/start_here.py to use this new API,
where for the lens 102021990_NEG650312660474055399 we will trreat both its lens galaxies,
whose centres are (0.0, 0.0) and one in "extra_galaxies_centres.json", are both treated as main lens galaxies.
This is a small API shift, as before we treated the second lens galaxy as an "extra" galaxy. For now
write the tutorial without mention of extra galaxies and scaling galxies, just make it two main galaxies.
This will require an update to the folder @autolens_workspace/dataset/group/102021990_NEG650312660474055399).

When we are done, we'll then add a description of extra galaxies and scaling galaxies.

Now, can you compare: 

- @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging/simulator.py to @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/simulator.py.
- @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging/modeling.py to @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/modeling.py.

And update the group scripts to use the new API, where the lens is formed via lists of galaxies, rather than a single galaxy and a list of extra galaxies.

Now can you read all of the following which are only in imaging:

- @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging/fit.py -> make group equivalent with main, extra and scaling galaxies.
- @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging/likelihood_function -> make group equivalent with main, extra and scaling galaxies.
- @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging/source_science.py -> make group equivalent with main, extra and scaling galaxies.
- @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging/data_preparation -> make group equivalent with main, extra and scaling galaxies, noting many tools should document use of multiple galaxies.

We'll consider the folder @autolens_workspace/scripts/imaging/features once this is all done.


UPDATED PROMPOT:

You did not implement this change correct:

Can you first update @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/start_here.py to use this new API,
where for the lens 102021990_NEG650312660474055399 we will trreat both its lens galaxies,
whose centres are (0.0, 0.0) and one in "extra_galaxies_centres.json", are both treated as main lens galaxies.
This is a small API shift, as before we treated the second lens galaxy as an "extra" galaxy. For now
write the tutorial without mention of extra galaxies and scaling galxies, just make it two main galaxies.
This will require an update to the folder @autolens_workspace/dataset/group/102021990_NEG650312660474055399).

To be clear, I want the start_here.py example to not include extra galaxies at all in the fit to 102021990_NEG650312660474055399,
but insttead treat both lens galaxies as main lens galaxieis. This should use the model composition API give
in @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/slam.py.

The start hre guide should first show the single lens gaalxy model API found in @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/start_here.py,
for simple illustration, but then immediately showe how it extends to the multiple lens galaxies. E.g. show it
just for illustration before introducing the actual API used for a group.

Can you also think a bit hard about making sure the language and explanation is a natural explanation of strong lensing
and group scale lenses -- make sure the way descriptions pair to the single lens case in imaging and other
docs is clear.


- update  @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/simulator.py. so that it has two main lens galaxies and two extra galaxies.
- update @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/modeling.py, which models the output of the simulator, to have two main lens galaxies and two extra galaxies.
- update @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/fit.py, which fits the output of the simulator, to have two main lens galaxies and two extra galaxies.
- update @autolens_workspace/scripts/group/likelihood_function.py, to also be on the two main lens galaxy and two extra galaxy API.


THIS PROMPT:

So my thought now is you make main lens galaxies as a list:

# Main Lens Galaxies:

lens_models = []

for i, centre in enumerate(main_lens_centres):

    bulge = af.Model(al.lp.Sersic)

    mass = af.Model(al.mp.Isothermal)

    lens = af.Model(
        al.Galaxy,
        redshift=0.5,
        bulge=bulge,
        mass=mass,
        shear=af.Model(al.mp.ExternalShear) if i == 0 else None,
    )

    lens_models.append(lens)

And conver to dict:

lens_dict = {f"lens_{i}": m for i, m in enumerate(lens_models)}

Could we just make lens_dict at the top and add to dict? I think thats slightly less convert or confusion for a
user.

I also think itd be in line with the API in the imaging/modeling.py file if we didnt do this:

lens_dict["source"] = source

But kept source as separate which we add to galaxies=:

model = af.Collection(
    galaxies=af.Collection(**lens_dict),
    extra_galaxies=extra_galaxies,
)

But this would be less concise.